welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
basic instinct
[Music]
in san francisco homicide detective nick
curran
investigates the murder of retired rock
star johnny boz
who has been stabbed to death with an
ice pick during sex with a mysterious
blonde woman
nick's only suspect is baza's bisexual
girlfriend
crime novelist catherine trammell who
has written a novel that mirrors the
crime
it is concluded that either catherine is
the murderer or someone is attempting to
frame her
catherine is inco-operative and taunting
during the investigation
smoking and exposing herself during her
interrogation
she has an alibi and passes a lie
detector test
nick discovers catherine has a history
of befriending murderers
including her girlfriend roxy who killed
her two younger brothers
on impulse when she was 16 years of age
and hazel dobkins who killed her husband
and children for no apparent reason
nick who accidentally shot two tourists
while high on cocaine during an
undercover
assignment attends counseling sessions
with police psychologist dr beth garner
with whom he has an on and off affair
nick discovers that catherine is basing
the protagonist of her latest book on
him wherein his character is murdered
after falling for the wrong woman
nick also learns that catherine has
bribed lieutenant marty nielsen of
internal affairs for information from
nick's psychiatric
file and that beth had previously given
it to nielsen after he threatened to
recommend nick's termination
nick assaults nielsen in his office and
later becomes a prime suspect when
nielsen is killed
nick suspects catherine and when his
behavior deteriorates
he is put on leave nick and catherine
begin a torrid affair with the heir of a
cat and mouse game
nick arrives at a club and witnesses
catherine doing coke with roxy and
another man
nick and catherine dance and make out
and are later observed by roxy
having violent sex in katherine's bed
catherine ties nick to the headboard
with a white silk scarf
just as baz was tied by the mystery
blonde but does not kill him
roxy jealous of nick attempts to run him
over with
catherine's car but dies when the car
crashes
catherine grieves over roxy's death and
tells nick about a previous lesbian
encounter at college that went awry
she claims that the girl became obsessed
with her causing nick to believe that
catherine may not have killed boz
nick identifies the girl as beth who
acknowledges the encounter
but she claims it was katherine who
became obsessed
additionally nick discovers that a
college professor of beth and
catherine's was also killed with an ice
pick in an unsolved homicide
and that the events inspired one of
catherine's early novels
nick comes across the final pages of
catherine's book
in which the fictional detective finds
his partner's body in an elevator
catherine then breaks off their affair
causing nick to become
upset and suspicious nick later meets
his partner gus moran
who has arranged to meet with
catherine's college roommate at an
office building
hoping to reveal what really went on
between catherine and beth
as nick waits in the car gus is stabbed
to death with an ice pick in the
elevator
recalling the last pages of catherine's
book nick runs into the building only to
find
gus body in a manner similar to the
scene described
beth turns up as if out of nowhere and
explains that she received a message to
meet gus
nick suspects beth has murdered gus
gusman believing that she is reaching
for a gun
shoots her but discovers that beth was
only fingering an ornament on her key
chain
evidence collected in beth's apartment
implicates her as the killer of boz
nielsen moran and her own husband
along with collections of photos and
newspaper clippings of catherine that
imply an obsession with her
nick is left confused and dejected
he returns to his apartment where
catherine meets him
she explains her reluctance to commit to
him and the two have sex
as they discuss their future an ice pick
is revealed to be under the bed
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
you